samples: nrf9160: gnss: rename sample and add nRF Cloud A-GPS/P-GPS support (#6010)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/others/supl_os_client.rst

Callback functions are needed to achieve platform independence.
If your application uses the SUPL client library, you must implement these callback functions.

> You can find an implementation example in the :ref:`gnss_sample` sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of the implementation, see the :ref:`gnss_sample` sample.
```

> The implementation is located in the :file:`samples\\nrf9160\\gnss\\src\\` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation is located in the :file:`samples\nrf9160\gnss\src\` directory.
```

> The implementation is located in the :file:`samples\nrf9160\gnss\src\` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation is located in the :file:`samples/nrf9160/gnss/src/` directory.
```
Maybe we need slashes instead of backslashes. Looks like we have them that way in other docs. Not sure this caused the build fail, but could well be this.
